Add run script and update formatting scripts (#27)
FreeProving/haskell-src-transformations: README.md

> # haskell-src-transformations

Reviewer: Why is this line marked as changed?

Author: There was some invisible character at the beginning of the file that my Markdown editor did not like and I thus removed it. I've now checked on the `main` branch. As it turns out the invisible character was a [UTF-8 Byte Order Mark `ef bb bf`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byte_order_mark). I think removing it should be fine since a BOM is only needed for UTF-16 and UTF-32 encoded files and all other files don't have a BOM either.

Reviewer: Okay, thanks for checking this.

### Executable Installation

In order to install the command line interface, navigate to the root directory of the project and run the following command.

```bash
cabal new-install exe:haskell-src-transformations
```

The command above builds the executable pattern matching compiler's command line interface and creates a symbolic link in `~/.cabal/bin`.
To test whether the installation was successful, make sure the `~/.cabal/bin` is in your `PATH` environment variable and run the following command.

```
haskell-src-transformations --help
```

### Running without Installation

> If you want to run the command line interface without installing the package on your machine (e.g., for debugging purposes), execute the following command in the root directory of the project instead of the `haskell-src-transformations`.

Reviewer: What do you mean with "instead of the `haskell-src-transformations`"?

Author: I think I meant "instead of the `haskell-src-transformations` command". Whenever the user would usually run the `haskell-src-transformations` command (after installing the tool), the other command should be executed instead (in the workflow without installation). Do you have suggestions for how to improve the sentence? : )

Reviewer: This would be my suggestion:
```suggestion
If you want to run the command line interface without installing the package on your machine (e.g., for debugging purposes), execute the following command in the root directory of the project instead of using the `haskell-src-transformations` executable.
```

```bash
cabal new-run exe:haskell-src-transformations -- [options...]
```

> The two dashes are needed to separate the arguments to pass to the pattern matching compiler from Cabal’s arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two dashes are needed to separate the arguments to pass to the pattern matching compiler from Cabal's arguments.
```
Very minor change for consistency (but we could also use **’** instead of **'** everywhere in the documentations).

Author: Good catch. I have no idea how I typed that character in the first place :joy:
